goodnight gladly're a girl
more after five minutes and you want to
someone special without talking to me without
touch me something inside went on
in your eyes it was getting late and I forgot
of the clock
these days by your side they taught me that in
true
when there is time determined for
begin to love I feel something so deep
that has no explanation
now they are my logic in my heart comes
in my life
I open the door
still in your social panties there will be no
deserted nights comes into my life I'll
I beg you, I already know you for wondering
but I started to need you I beg
for this song
what we use are the chords of 2
for more
re minor
my minor
Sun
that's for the stanzas good
strum
we can do something simple for him
according to the rhythm of the music be
imagine and next to the campfire you can
touch it with the inspiration you have in
that moment so good the pace that
we put x good night
Goodnight
and then first the receiving begins
this is a basic ballad story if you
you're just learning to touch the
guitar and you want to play ballads is the
strum you have to know
down with all the fingers you go up with
the thumb
you pay with your fingers putting tearing
with your fingers and putting your palm on
the guitar
with the index finger up
again
and again down
if the sequence goes and then
that is a rhythm that I advise you is the
most used in ballads
and the notes because you can take them out
the rope dot net
the chords I will not leave it a link in
the description so you can go there
then this song has that rip
basically do not remember that torn
when
to
yes
and that's basically everything to talk about
without touching me something inside went on
there we go to mino
and me
and then again king
it was getting late and I forgot the clock
there is change only
these days served by your side I
they taught that they will come
no set time to start
sea ​​again fa
I feel something less' so deep that
my minor has no explanation
the reason and logical re minor 'in my
heart and alone
for the choir between my life
in the zone
what I do in strumming is there not
use be turned off but simply
between the ibi
I open the light
again
up down down up
in the chorus the notes are 2
the less than in your arms for nights
deserted only between my life
I beg you the least
tecomense for missing that change is
fast re minor 'and then I tecomense
to miss
but I started needing tea later
so
if you are just learning a good
advice is that
I always tried to feel the music and the
rhythm of the song that you are
listening that you want to get it out as you
I say I 'm not there with your friends the
campfire maybe some saliva that you have
maybe if you want to dedicate it to your girlfriend
to your hesitation you are nothing you can
say then feeling the music for
that is that in this final in this final
we make that change that I started with
miss
but I started to need
it looks better
that part who the strum would be if you
start by missing but I started
need
I tell you
thank you very much this is the first
tutorial that I upload I have other songs
in my channel you can review them
if you like it if you have any suggestions
as long as it is constructive it will be
welcome and I hope that this video will
help in something
I wish I can upload another of the songs
they want when I have a little bit of
time so there we'll see each other
Thank you